---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---
# What did you do this past week?

This last week, I finished the Netflix project, by working with my partner in a new pair programming method. I thought it was very useful as we finished much before our predicted time, and we also worked efficiently and coherently together. Preparing for quizzes is becoming more of a norm than a surprise, and I have become accostomed to expecting unexpected things.

# What's in your way?

I managed to complete all the classwork this week, but schedules are getting busy and my weekends are becoming cramped, with little time to focus solely on Software Engineering as a class, so I must manage my time so that I can fit Software Engineering into the schedule without sacrificing anything else.

# What will you do next week?

I will look forward in the course, in preparation for the upcoming test and project. I will continue to work on keeping up with the readings and staying prepared with upcoming material and reviewed with previously covered information. 

# Class Experience

In class this week, we had a guest speaker, Houston Putman, that gave us insight into the industry world and the functioning processes of Bloomberg and its business and technologies. I am currently looking for an internship so any information or insight about improvements or different perspectives to take are positive in my mind to improving my chances.

# Tip Of The Week
The notorious Cracking The Code Interview is my tip of the week. It is interview time, so we must all assemble to this monopolized book of information of how to get that tech job. It's a lot of reading and a lot of coding practice, but if that's what it takes to get a job, I will do whatever necessary. Personally, I also need to improve my pace navigating through this review.
