---
layout: post
title: Week 13
---
# What did you do this past week?

This past week, my group prepared presentations for our MyPy lecture and our presentation for our IDB project. These all went smoothly, and we displayed all the hard work and effect that we put into our assignments. With the IDB Game Database project, we were able to showcase our final product to the class, and explain the benefits and reasoning of using our website.

# What's in your way?

The final stretch of school is the obstacle ahead of me now. I just need to push past the end of the semester, through tests and finals, to hopefully acheive the grades I am looking for. With the time cramp and difficult material, I will be spending much of my time studying so that I can master all the topics for my classes.

# What will you do next week?

I will be studying and studying and studying. The final stretch is here, and I will have to be diligent to improve on my first test score, to hopefully achieve my grade goals. Overall, I will be attending class, and looking through past material. At this point, the learning has been done. All I need to do now is to absorb, retain, and apply it to the tests, and to the future.

# Class Experience

In class, we focused our time on projects and presentations, so we watched attentively as other groups presented their IDB projects, as well as their topic lectures. I enjoyed the topic lecture because some of the topics were actually very useful. They were some interesting and helpful libraries that could easily engage in actions that would usually take much more work. My favorite was the BeautifulSoup presentation, which can be used to scrape webpages for information, with an interface to disect HTML.

# Tip Of The Week

Study with friends. Cross-referencing materials is good to make sure you are understanding the entirety of a concept, and this will help you fill in holes that you may have missed.
