---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---
# What did you do this past week?

This week, I attended my first class of Software Engineering, and all in all, it was exciting, it was different, and it was filled with an abundance of new technologies and ideas to learn about. We were assigned a project about a Collatz problem, which creates a pattern of numbers by performing specific calculations to a number based on its parity. I spent time reading up, and learning abbout the pattern, and came to conclusion that the variance is very high and would be too difficult to find a pattern by hand. So, I began on the project by trying to jump right into the algorithm. However, I realized that to be efficient and to follow the given directions, I had to learn many new technologies and connect it to my GitHub repository. I had my private repository setup with all the given code, and began creating issues to track my progress.

# What's in your way?

Along the way, I began finding issues with much of the tecnologies I was working with because most of it was new to me. When I tried to connect Travis CI to my private repository, I found my biggest issue. It seems that a bug occurred that Travis CI would not install the correct version of Python libraries because I was lacking a requirements.txt file, and therefore made a non-working red build on Travis CI. I have posted on Piazza, and am currently waiting for a reply from either my TAs or my classmates.

# What will you do next week?

Next week, I will begin reading the assigned textbook chapters, and prepare for the class on a biweekly basis. In regards to the Collatz project, I will try to figure out all the logistics of the project, so I can begin solving the Collatz algorithm.

# Class Experience

Entering into my first two classes of Software Engineering, I was engaged by the topics and the professor. An interesting trait of Professor Fraij's class is his active engagement with the class. The way he calls on students to answer questions keeps me on my toes as I typically would not be a vocally engaged participant. So personally, I think it will help my learning overall. Something that shocked me about the class was the first quiz. The topics were difficult, either in material or simply new to me. I was okay with the difficult question, taking my time to think it through, but there were questions that I had no knowledge of, which I wonder why it was tested because we also had no prerequisite of python nor were we taught about it. Hopefully, that was an isolated case.

# Tip Of The Week
This is a website tool that I use to learn about all the programming languages or methods that I am unfamiliar with. If anyone else is like me, new to python, or wants to learn or refresh some topics, [https://www.tutorialspoint.com](https://www.tutorialspoint.com) is a great resource to do so.
