---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---
# What did you do this past week?

This past week our group began working on our project. With the week of Spring Break splitting our project time, we decided to start afterwards, so we were a bit crammed on time, but we managed to crunch the time, and push out a website that we can be proud of. We started work early in the week, setting up the simple parts of the project, as we tried to understand the problem we could face. Then as the week moved along, we progressed nicely, and I got more involved in all parts of the website, learning each part of the stack. With the Thursday deadline looming, we crammed through the finishing touches of the project, and implemented a beautiful website with connecting features displaying useful but limited game data and information about our group. Our production on the website far exceed what my expectation of our group's capabilities were by far.

# What's in your way?

This is not a huge problem, but it is an issue that my group will face when we work on new facets of our web application. Most of our group is very new to web development, so everything is a learning process. We need to learn how to create and manage each part of the website, and it is a common issue that we will face in life, so here is a chance to get more comfortable with it. The learning curve will be tough, but all in all, I am excited to dive into the experience.

# What will you do next week?

Next week, we will start IDB2, which will incorporate more parts of the backend process to make the website more dynamic. This is exciting for me because it is a complete unknown and also seems like a deep necesity in industry work. I will be putting in time in the lab, learning how to develop a solid API and database, with good connections to the frontend display. The change to a dynamic webiste will require the sestup of a RESTFUL API and I will learn to create one that can connect smoothly to our website, and dynamicly scrape information and post it to the webiste, so that we are no longer limited to small number of brute-forced pages, but we are instead recreate one page model and represent it with various cases with the API we will be using.

# Class Experience

In class, this week we talked a lot about joining algorithms, and their implementations and their uses. There is a large variety of joining algorithms, and they all have there special uses that make them unique. I think the way that we learned these joining algorithms was real receptive to me because we were introduced to them, allowed to implement them, and then we were able to compare and contrast the technicalities between them.

# Tip Of The Week
W3Schools is a website that compiles lessons of all sorts about web development. This is great because it applies directly to the project we are working on, and it can help ease the learning curve that we will have to face. It teaches different parts of CSS, HTML, Javascript, SQL, jQuery, Angular, and anything you may need to produce a functional and beautiful website.
