---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---
# What did you do this past week?

The previous week was a more of a test and preparation week, rather than a project week. In Software Engineering, we did not have any projects due in class this week, so I was able to catch up on readings, studying, in-class material, and other classes as well. I was also looking at potential classmates to collaborate with on the next project, which is a group project of 5. This will be different because I have never worked on a coding project with a group bigger than 3.

# What's in your way?

The test for this class is the upcoming Tuesday, and I still do not know what to expect, so I am going to prepare all I can by making sure I understand the material on the website and in the readings. Knowing what to look for is half the battle. Focusing on the next project, I am excited to find my group for the rest of the semester, but I am unsure of what it entails, so there are many unknowns at this point as to what the project will require, how my teammates will work as a team, and what kind of product we will design and output.

# What will you do next week?

Next week will start with the exam, creating the test notes pages, studying the material, and preparing my mind. Afterwards, I will focus on selecting my group members and getting a good grasp over what the next project and entails, and get a step on progressing to our final goal.

# Class Experience

In class this week, we talked about iterators, iterables, and the different flavors of them. There are exhaustible, inexhaustible, eager and lazy versions each with different implementations that we talked and looked at. I really enjoyed the setup and comparison of these versions as it allowed me to better understand their own purposes and uses. Regarding the quizzes, I do wish those were more user-friendly as I was caught unable to finish a quiz because of technological issues. I will start using my laptop to answer questions, but it would be preferable if more time.

# Tip Of The Week
Sublime is a great text editor that many programmers should look into using. It is very user-friendly, standardizing tabs and being visually appealing. Though everybody has their own preferences, Sublime is a free text editor that is very useful and very popular.
