---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---
# What did you do this past week?

This past week, I kept up with all the SQL learning that we continued to do in class, but regarding the progress, we asked around with other groups to figure out how they worked Google Cloud Platform in coordination with PostGreSQL. We needed to use a flex environment. Thanks to everyone who contributed to that idea. We finally push out our website with a working connection to the database, and now we can move on to the next step of the IDB project.

# What's in your way?

The problem with our project is that we fell behind because of issues we did not forsee. This put us behind, and it is an anchor weight that is holding our group back from starting early, but now we are on a good pace, and developing the integral parts of IDB3 now. As classes come to an end, everything is getting busier, making it harder to focus on one thing in particular.

# What will you do next week?

Next week, we will be finalizing our project, to create a beautiful website that incorporates a Game of Thrones API, and a functional search bar. This will be a grind and hopefully, we are able to output a product we are proud of. With the semester ending, the final test is also approaching, so I personally need to prepare better for thi test to make sure I do well, and improve my grade in the class.

# Class Experience

The class is great, and it seems very relevant. It directly applies to the project we are doing, and gets me more comfortable with real tools of real industry. Last week, we talked more about language specificities, and it was interesting because of the contrasts between python and java.

# Tip Of The Week
Time-management: Keep a schedule and make sure to divide your time based on the priority of your tasks.
