---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---
# What did you do this past week?

This week I spent the majority of my class-focused time learning Python and its different types, implementations, and structures, on the path to a better understanding of the language as a whole. I wanted to work on my Netflix project, but I spent most of my time setting up and organizing the project files, transferring some Collatz files and converting them into Netflix files.

# What's in your way?

My schedule has been filled with so many other obligations that I have not been able to put significant time to meet with my partner to complete our next project, Netflix. Classes in combination with extracurriculars really hindered my ability to progress on Netflix, but this week I will be focused on completing Netflix as the deadline approaches and pressure rises.

# What will you do next week?

Although this week will also be jam-packed with activities, including Career Fairs, other class projects, and mid-term week, I am committed to setting Software Engineering as a high priority on the list this week, and putting in the time to complete the project this week.

# Class Experience

Once again, I find the engaging class refreshing, especially the time given to us to create our own implementation of a function. However, one change I would make regarding the class, would be to explain the method more before throwing us into the fire to write our implementation. Most of the time, I will be listening to the class progress about random python topics, and we will introduce a new topic, and immediately jump in to write the function. A background or an exposition over the method would be good to refresh our minds about the topic, and give us an idea of where to start.

# Tip Of The Week
I know most of us are preparing for the upcoming Career Fair, but there are other opporunities for us to get that illusive internship. Handshake is a great app to find companies that fit your personality and skill set and its a great setup to pair companies and applicants to apply and jobs and internships available.
