---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---
# What did you do this past week?

This past week, we learned a lot about SQL, and I think the content that we taught directly applied to the neext checkpoint of the project that we needed to develop and manage the database for our website. Regarding our project, my group worked all throughout the week trying to create a database and have it dynamically adjust the data of the website to match. We used PostgreSQL to be our database, we used SQLAlchemy to populate our database with scraped API data, and we used Javascript controllers, Flask, and python to display this information onto our website.

# What's in your way?

We hit a huge wall on IDB2, and it was exceptionally frustrating. After we updated our website to work on our local base, and connected used the website to see it work correctly, we found out that PostgreSQL, the database we had to use was not compatible with the host of our choice, Google Cloud Platform. Because of this, we had no way to possibly connect a database to a GCP hosted website. Most old projects from previous years used Amazon Web Services, so we did not know we would run into this kind of issue. However, the groups that did choose to use GCP all ran into this problem. From what we heard, their solution did not actaully use a database because there simply was no workaround. Other teams used a uploaded file that acted like a database, but in the spirit of the project and education, it was just not the direction that I wanted to to take to learn about databases. 

# What will you do next week?

Next week, I believe my group will work on transferring our project from Google Cloud Platform to Amazon Web Sevices. This is not the switch we wanted to make, but at this point, it is a move that will probably be necessary to be able to complete our project moving forward. Also, we will have to begin working on finishing IDB3 too, as we are currently behind and not in a great place on the progression of the project because of our setback.

# Class Experience

I enjoy the pace and setup of class because the work we are doing is directly relevant to the work we are doing in the project. SQL is something I will be working with over the summer, so I am excited to get work with it in advance, and get comfortable with it now before I get thrown into a fire on my own, to do real and relevant work.

# Tip Of The Week
This tip is for myself and my team. We need to start early and figure out problems that we will face early. Though, our difficulties were very unexpected, if we start early, face struggles early, we will have time to solve the unsolvable problems early.
