---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---
# What did you do this past week?

This past week, we had our first test in Software Engineering, and it was rather difficult for me personally. There were a couple of small issues that I was unsure of, but as a whole, I understood the grasp of the big concepts. I had the most problems with specifics that were not clarified in class. With the coding problems, parts asking for variable numbers of arguments or optional arguments, I was unsure about the syntax to deal with it. Also, I felt unprepared for much of the readings questions. Either they were very specific, or I was simply not able to recall some of the specifics. Otherwise, I was confident in my implementations and solutions.

# What's in your way?

Clearly, my schedule has overtaken much my time. And because it is so filled with group work, I need to coordinate with team members to organize and complete my tasks as well as preparing myself for future tests. Just in general, I need to spend more time on readings and understanding specificities of in class and out of class problems.

# What will you do next week?

Next week begins the process of the big project. We will learn about what we will be producing for the remainder of the semester. I am extremely excited for this project as it is one of the main reasons I decided to take this class because of the full stack encapsulation of a complete project. We get to flesh out a new idea and bring it to fruition.

# Class Experience

In class this week, one of the two classes was a test, and other was a guest speaker who lectured on his mobile development company. So while we didn't learn much python and coding material. Class definitely was busy this week, filled with a lot of interactive material. 

# Tip Of The Week
Intern Supply is a website that I found that aggregates a lot of the available software engineering internships for computer science majors. Looking through this website, I must have applied to over 50 companies. This is the cleanest interface that I have found for applications, and it is a simple by great collection of companies to aid the job search.
